CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to [PROJECT]

Hi there! This guide will help you get started contributing to [project].

Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of the developers managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in addressing your issue or assessing patches and features.

## Using the issue tracker

The [issue tracker](https://github.com/verypossible-labs/rn-circleci-orb/issues) is the preferred channel for bug reports and feature requests. If you're submitting a pull request, it's helpful to either make sure an issue exists in the tracker, or create one for your change.

## Bug reports

A bug is a demonstratable problem that is caused by code in the repository.

Guidelines for bug reports:

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** - check if the issue has already been reported.
2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** - try to reproduce it using the latest version.
3. **Use the bug report template** - please fill in the template that appears when you open a new issue.

Please try to be as detailed as possible in your bug report - the more details, the more helpful it will be to anyone fixing potential bugs.

## Feature requests

Feature requests are welcome, especially if they are related to open issues.

**Before opening a pull request**, please take a moment to find out whether your idea fits within the scope and aims of this project. Please [open a new feature request](https://github.comverypossible-labs/rn-circleci-orb/issues/new) and fill in the template that appears. This will help developers understand your intent and may prevent you from spending a lot of time and effort working on something that may not get merged.

Guidelines for feature requests:

1. **Make a strong case** - it's up to you to convince the developers of the merits of this feature, please provide as many details as possible.
2. **Code conventions** - adhere to the code conventions in this project (formatting, linting, etc.)
3. **Test coverage** - ensure that tests are passing and up to date
4. **Documentation** - make sure the documentation is up to date / includes anything related to your feature, especially if there are breaking changes.
5. **Use the pull request template** - please fill out the template that appears when you open a new pull request.

## Collaborating guidelines

**IMPORTANT:** by submitting a pull request, you agree to allow the project owners to license your work under the terms of the [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Please review the [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

docs(contributing): add project name [skip ci]

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to rn-circleci-orb

Hi there! This guide will help you get started contributing to rn-circleci-orb.

Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of the developers managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in addressing your issue or assessing patches and features.

## Using the issue tracker

The [issue tracker](https://github.com/verypossible-labs/rn-circleci-orb/issues) is the preferred channel for bug reports and feature requests. If you're submitting a pull request, it's helpful to either make sure an issue exists in the tracker, or create one for your change.

## Bug reports

A bug is a demonstratable problem that is caused by code in the repository.

Guidelines for bug reports:

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** - check if the issue has already been reported.
2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** - try to reproduce it using the latest version.
3. **Use the bug report template** - please fill in the template that appears when you open a new issue.

Please try to be as detailed as possible in your bug report - the more details, the more helpful it will be to anyone fixing potential bugs.

## Feature requests

Feature requests are welcome, especially if they are related to open issues.

**Before opening a pull request**, please take a moment to find out whether your idea fits within the scope and aims of this project. Please [open a new feature request](https://github.comverypossible-labs/rn-circleci-orb/issues/new) and fill in the template that appears. This will help developers understand your intent and may prevent you from spending a lot of time and effort working on something that may not get merged.

Guidelines for feature requests:

1. **Make a strong case** - it's up to you to convince the developers of the merits of this feature, please provide as many details as possible.
2. **Code conventions** - adhere to the code conventions in this project (formatting, linting, etc.)
3. **Test coverage** - ensure that tests are passing and up to date
4. **Documentation** - make sure the documentation is up to date / includes anything related to your feature, especially if there are breaking changes.
5. **Use the pull request template** - please fill out the template that appears when you open a new pull request.

## Collaborating guidelines

**IMPORTANT:** by submitting a pull request, you agree to allow the project owners to license your work under the terms of the [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Please review the [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
